# CS-340
How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
When writing programs that are maintainable seems the pretty straightforward butto maintain a program would mean to add functionality and keep it current, which just means you have to really make things modular and reusable. This helps build on a program without having to rewrite things constantly. Readability means following a logical order in your code and making thorough comments that tell the reader what they are looking at and finally adaptability is similar to maintainability where your code is modular and you have it set so that each function does 1 thing, then that function can be adapted to about any other incoming or outgoing data type to adapt to what you need at a given moment.
How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
I would approach a problem by looking at the desired outcome and first determining the tools I would need to get there then, I would then build the most base-level tools and finally build the code that runs those lower-level functions. This project was very different than other courses where it was the only time using databases in this way. It was interesting to approach this by building a database, building the CRUD module, and then using that to build the interactive page. I will definitely use the information and practices I learned including the CRUD module.
What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer scientists solve problems by developing software that can process data at speeds that humans simply cannot achieve manually and do precise calculations that are prone to error. They build things that help people and businesses do their jobs and live their lives better. This matters because computers have changed the way the world works and without computers and computer scientists the basic infrustructure of the world wouldnt be the same. by working on a project like this it could help companies find what they need fast and with low overhead. In this project, the company had a specific type of dog and age range they wanted for each task. Researching that by hand would take hours with the 10,000 dog records. This project makes that job more efficient then any person could make it.
